# Java_Blockchain
Blockchain implementation in  java

A blockchain originally block chain is a continuously growing list of records, called blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography.Each block typically contains a cryptographic hash of the previous block, a timestamp, and transaction data.By design, a blockchain is resistant to modification of the data. It is "an open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently and in a verifiable and permanent way". For use as a distributed ledger, a blockchain is typically managed by a peer-to-peer network collectively adhering to a protocol for inter-node communication and validating new blocks. Once recorded, the data in any given block cannot be altered retroactively without alteration of all subsequent blocks, which requires consensus of the network majority.

Blockchains are secure by design and exemplify a distributed computing system with high Byzantine fault tolerance. Decentralized consensus has therefore been achieved with a blockchain.This makes blockchains potentially suitable for the recording of events, medical records,and other records management activities, such as identity management,transaction processing, documenting provenance, food traceability, and voting.

Blockchain was invented by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008 to serve as the public transaction ledger of the cryptocurrency bitcoin.The invention of the blockchain for bitcoin made it the first digital currency to solve the double-spending problem without the need of a trusted authority or central server. The bitcoin design has inspired other applications.
